---
toc: false
layout: post
title: Week 2 Plan
description: Week 2 Plan
type: plans
courses: { compsci: {week: 2} }
---

  <style>
    body {
      background-color: #1c1c1b;
      font-family: 'Arial', sans-serif;
    }

    .plan {
      color: white;
      font-weight: bold;
      opacity: 0;
      transform: scale(1.8);
      animation: pulse 1s ease-out forwards, fadeIn 1s ease-out forwards;
    }

    @keyframes pulse {
      0%, 100% {
        transform: scale(1.0);
        color:  #015f87;
      }
      50% {
        transform: scale(1.3);
        color: #00cc66;
      }
    }

    @keyframes fadeIn {
      to {
        opacity: 1;
      }
    }
    .plan:nth-child(1) {
      animation-delay: 2s;
    }

    .plan:nth-child(2) {
      animation-delay: 4s;
    }

    .plan:nth-child(3) {
      animation-delay: 6s;
    }

    .plan:nth-child(4) {
      animation-delay: 8s;
    }

    .plan:nth-child(5) {
      animation-delay: 10s;
    }

    .plan:nth-child(6) {
      animation-delay: 12s;
    }

    .plan:nth-child(7) {
      animation-delay: 14s;
    }

    .plan:nth-child(8) {
      animation-delay: 16s;
    }
  </style>

<p class="plan">In this week, I plan to collaborate with my partner Yash Parikh to craft a fun and immersive Capture The Flag (CTF) challenge that will test the skills of cybersecurity enthusiasts. To achieve this, we plan to follow a systematic approach:</p>

<p class="plan">1. Firstly, we will brainstorm unique scenarios that require a deep understanding of the Windows operating system. The challenge will be designed to encourage participants to research and implement their techniques using Kali Linux, a great tool for upcoming hackers.</p>

<p class="plan">2. Next, we will construct the CTF challenge, ensuring no error within the challenge. To do this, we plan to use a virtual machine on VMWare.</p>

<p class="plan">3. To add an extra layer of excitement for us, we combined our favorite video game into the mix. Fortnite. The users on the Virtual Machine (VM) will be Fortnite-themed.</p>

<p class="plan">4. Once the challenge is ready, we will post on each other's blog post on how to solve the challenge.</p>

<p class="plan">5. Finally, we will document the steps to making the CTF on our Hacks page, providing insights into technical challenges, and our thought process. We will also thoroughly explain the exploit used in the CTF.</p>

<p class="plan">6. Stay tuned for the answer to our CTF challenge on Hacks. The fun awaits!</p>